Admin and Super Admin (security admin) Documentation Update (#7069)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security/access-control/users-roles.md

1. Choose the **Mapped users** tab and **Manage mapping**.
1. For **Internal users**, add your bulk access user.
1. Choose **Map**.

## Admin and super admin roles in OpenSearch security

User roles in OpenSearch are essential for controlling access to cluster resources and functionalities. Users can be categorized as regular users, admin users, or super admin users based on their access rights and responsibilities.

> For more information about defining a user, see [defining users](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/access-control/users-roles/#defining-users). For more information about defining roles, see [defining roles](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/access-control/users-roles/#defining-roles).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about defining a user, see [Defining users](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/access-control/users-roles/#defining-users). For more information about defining roles, see [Defining roles](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/access-control/users-roles/#defining-roles).
```

> Defining a user is described in the [defining users](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/access-control/users-roles/#defining-users) section of the documentation. More information about defining roles can be found in [defining roles](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/access-control/users-roles/#defining-roles)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about defining a user, see [defining users](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/access-control/users-roles/#defining-users). For more information about defining roles, see [defining roles](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/access-control/users-roles/#defining-roles).
```

### Regular users
Regular users have basic access permissions to interact with the OpenSearch cluster, such as querying data and using dashboards, but they do not have administrative privileges.

### Admin users
Admin users in OpenSearch have elevated permissions allowing them to perform various administrative tasks within the cluster. They have broader access compared to regular users, which includes:
- Managing users and roles
- Configuring permissions
- Adjusting backend settings

> Admin users can perform these tasks by configuring settings in the `opensearch.yml` file, in OpenSearch Dashboards, or with the REST API. For more information about configuring users and roles, see [predefined roles](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/access-control/users-roles/#predefined-roles).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Admin users can perform these tasks by configuring settings in the `opensearch.yml` file, using OpenSearch Dashboards, or interacting with the REST API. For more information about configuring users and roles, see [predefined roles](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/access-control/users-roles/#predefined-roles).
```

> Admin users can perform these tasks using tools such as configuration files `opensearch.yml`, OpenSearch Dashboards, or the REST API. More details on configuring users and roles can be found in the [predefined roles](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/access-control/users-roles/#predefined-roles) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Admin users can perform these tasks by configuring settings in in the `opensearch.yml` file, in OpenSearch Dashboards, or with the REST API. For more information about configuring users and roles, see [predefined roles](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/access-control/users-roles/#predefined-roles).
```

### Super admin users

> Super admins hold the highest level of administrative authority within the OpenSearch environment. Therefore, this role is typically reserved for select users and is maintained carefully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Super admins hold the highest level of administrative authority within the OpenSearch environment. This role is typically reserved for select users and is maintained carefully.
```

> Super admin users have unrestricted access to all settings and data within the cluster, allowing them to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Super admin users have unrestricted access to all settings and data within the cluster, including the following tasks:
```

- Modify Security plugin configurations
- Access and manage the security index `.opendistro_security`
- Override any security limitations

#### Authentication of super admin role

Super admins are authenticated through certificates, not passwords. The necessary certificates are defined in the `admin_dn` section of the `opensearch.yml` file and must be signed with the same root CA to verify and connect it to the cluster.
```
YAML
plugins.security.authcz.admin_dn:
- CN=kirk,OU=client,O=client,L=test, C=de
``` 

> If the superadmin certificate is signed by a different CA, then admin's CA must be concatenated with node's CA in the file defined in `plugins.security.ssl.http.pemtrustedcas_filepath` in `opensearch.yml`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the super admin certificate is signed by a different CA, then the admin's CA must be concatenated with the node's CA in the file defined in `plugins.security.ssl.http.pemtrustedcas_filepath` in `opensearch.yml`. 
```

> For more information, see [Configuring super admin certificates](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/configuration/tls/#configuring-super-admin-certificates).

Reviewer: Do we need to update the section here to say "super admin" instead of "admin"?: https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/configuration/tls/#configuring-admin-certificates

Author: Yes thanks @hdhalter done!

> For more information, see [Configuring super admin certificates](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/configuration/tls/#configuring-super-admin-certificates).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Configuring super admin certificates](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/configuration/tls/#configuring-admin-certificates).
```

> More information on this can be found at [Configuring super admin certificates](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/configuration/tls/#configuring-super-admin-certificates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Configuring super admin certificates](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security/configuration/tls/#configuring-super-admin-certificates).
```
